TechInsight plugin - Export ScorecardInfo and ScorecardsList Components (#19994)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/twenty-bags-sin.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-tech-insights': patch
---

> Export ScorecardInfo and ScorecardsList Components to be able to use manually queried CheckResults directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export `ScorecardInfo` and `ScorecardsList` components to be able to use manually queried check results directly.
```
